Are auto complete widget is working out pretty well.
So now the last thing I want to do is actually go back to the original application that we're working
on.
We need to make sure that we essentially have two different auto completes being displayed and they
need to kind of show up next to each other in like two separate columns.
We should also make sure that when the user first loads up the app we show some kind of tutorial message
on the screen as well and tell them exactly what to do.
So in this video we're gonna change our aged email structure a little bit to make sure that we get these
two different columns and that tutorial message we're gonna do a lot of typing inside of our index dot
each team file.
So going to open that up right away.
Once again a lot of the different classes that we're going to add in here are taken directly from the
bull must the SS library.
We're not going to focus too much on the class names or the styling because again class about JavaScript
that's where here for it.
Let's get to it inside of here.
I'm going to first begin by deleting the two elements we have inside of class container.
So we're going to essentially just rewrite all the structure we have inside of class container and then
going to create a class or did with class of columns inside there.
I'm going to do a div with the class of column notice there's no s on there.
The one before I had an s.
This one doesn't inside of this one I'm going to show a div with an I.D. of left dash auto complete.
So as you would guess we're going to eventually use this as the root element for the autocomplete that
we're going to show on the left hand side.
I'm using a div here just to 100 percent identify this thing as a very unique element inside of my application
and I only ever want to have one with that I.D..
I'm gonna close off the div with class column right there and then after it I'm going to put another
day with the class
and inside there I'll do another div with an idea of write dash auto autocomplete and I'll close it
off.
That's a good place to get started now.
Finally after the div with class columns the closing element for that are the closing tag is right there.
It's going to find a closing tag for the class columns and after it I'm gonna put in some markup to
show a tutorial of sorts to the user.
It's going to do a div with a class couple of class names here.
So we're gonna have column is Dash half notification notification.
There we go is Dash primary and tutorial I'll close off that div and we're gonna show some message to
the user inside of here so they understand how to use our application so I'll do an H one with the class
of title and I'll say something like search or a movie on both sides then after that I'll do a paragraph
element with the class of sub title with some text like we will tell you which is best.
Again just to help our user understand what's going on here.
Now two things here please double check your spelling of the word notification very easy to misspell.
In addition overall just do a double check of all the each team all that we just wrote is very easy
to make several typos inside of here.
Make sure you've got columns and then column column and column down there as well.
So I'm gonna save this.
Now we're not going to see any auto completes up here right away because we removed the div with the
class of autocomplete.
So in fact we're probably gonna get a javascript error.
I just want to do a quick refresh and make sure that we see the tutorial on the screen.
That's what I really want to see right now.
I'm gonna go back over in a refresh and yep I definitely see that appear.
So now we can go back and we can start to wire up the two different autocomplete.
So we want to have one that's going to be rendered into right there and the other two right there.
So quick pause we're gonna make sure that we'd render both these auto completes in the next video.